Compiling /home/azbench/image/run_ivy_raft_server.sc
Options:
  client_port = 4000
  log = 1
  nodeid = 2
  cluster = {167772164:5000, 167772165:5000, 167772166:5000}
Process ID: 21262
Random sleep: 875602
Starting Raft based server
entering event loop of server 2
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
