Compiling /home/azbench/image/run_ivy_raft_server.sc
Options:
  client_port = 4000
  log = 1
  nodeid = 1
  cluster = {167772164:5000, 167772165:5000, 167772166:5000}
Process ID: 67279
Random sleep: 604261
Starting Raft based server
entering event loop of server 1
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
