Compiling /home/azbench/image/run_ivy_raft_server.sc
Options:
  client_port = 4000
  log = 1
  nodeid = 2
  cluster = {167772164:5000, 167772165:5000, 167772166:5000}
Process ID: 80041
Random sleep: 1073195
Starting Raft based server
entering event loop of server 2
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
