Compiling /home/azbench/image/run_ivy_raft_server.sc
Options:
  client_port = 4000
  log = 1
  nodeid = 2
  cluster = {167772164:5000, 167772165:5000, 167772166:5000, 167772168:5000, 167772169:5000}
Process ID: 53783
Random sleep: 2444671
Starting Raft based server
entering event loop of server 2
BAD PACKET RECEIVED
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
