Compiling /home/azbench/image/run_ivy_raft_server.sc
Options:
  client_port = 4000
  log = 1
  nodeid = 3
  cluster = {167772164:5000, 167772165:5000, 167772166:5000, 167772168:5000, 167772169:5000}
Process ID: 54461
Random sleep: 2779654
Starting Raft based server
entering event loop of server 3
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
