Compiling /home/azbench/image/run_ivy_raft_server.sc
Options:
  client_port = 4000
  log = 1
  nodeid = 0
  cluster = {167772164:5000, 167772165:5000, 167772166:5000}
Process ID: 97415
Random sleep: 2624131
Starting Raft based server
entering event loop of server 0
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
new client connection
client closed connection
client closed connection
new client connection
client closed connection
